
# Questions 

""" 
Q: What does _t50, _t70 & _t80 denote for the KIR genes, are they independent or overlapping, 
A:They represent accuracry thresholds for the imputaiton algorith. 

Q: Why is positin 80 actually position 104 (offset by 24)? - 
A: Position 80, is the position from within that domain. 
24 represents exon1, the signal peptide. It is assumed to be a constant length in our calcs. 

Q: best practice for null values? 
A: Be conservative and remove them. The alternative is just introducing noise. 

Q: Can we do a reverse regression, then a forward regression with just the relevant X & Y to confirm? 
A: Yes. 

Q: We should expect to see similar relationships at differenet points in time...

Q: Do we include the intercept? Whats the story with the high significance? 
What do we do about the sparcely populated immunophenotypes? 

Q: Do we reprocess but without the zero measurement records? 
A: No but we may try binning/ clustering the results and re-running the regression

Q: Is there a recommended reference database that defines cell type based on CDs?

Q: What does the sparsity mean for the reverse regression strategy? 

Actions ... 
repeat with iKIR score, not that there are both 0.75 and 0.5 weights, need to consult paper ... 
repeat analysis but filter out sparsely populated datasets with 
consult Twins Paper to discern how frequency and cut-off of flow cytof were evaluated. Laura mentioned they focused ona a subset of phenotypes ... 140?

Thoughts: 
Forward or Backward Selection or Exhaustive Selection?
"Backward selection can only be used when N > p" - Elements of statistical learning. 


Q: Can we leverage the Sardinia Study Data - : https://ega-archive.org/datasets/EGAD00001000656, 
We also whole-genome sequenced 1,146 Sardinians at low pass, 
quantitative levels of 95 cell types encompassing 272 immune traits, 
in a cohort of 1,629 individuals
 
 #Question -- Can I normalise Y between 0 and 1, if the y's are not indepdendent ... 

#Question - elasticnet do i need to normalize my data?
Answer - Lasso, Ridge and Elastic Net regressions are powerful models, 
but they require normalization because the penalty coefficients are the same for all the variables. 
Logistic regression requires normalization as well in order to avoid the vanishing gradient problem during the training phase.
Source: https://towardsdatascience.com/which-models-require-normalized-data-d85ca3c85388

Q: Can Random Forest Handle Missing values
A: Not without imputation
Source: https://datascience.stackexchange.com/questions/72764/can-random-forest-regressor-or-decision-trees-handle-missing-values-and-outliers
